Unit 2 Assignment: Project Plan
In this assignment, the project team will be submitting a document outlining their capstone project plan. The team members will work collaboratively to define a clear goal and objective for what they want to accomplish with their project, set milestones & deadlines, identify resources & materials needed, and identify their team roster and respective roles.

The submission should be a Word document (PDF or RTF is also acceptable) that contains the following topics as outlined:

Project Plan Outline:

Executive Summary: Brief overview of the project, and its objectives
Project Overview: A detailed description of the project, its scope, and the problem it addresses.
Project Goals and Objectives: Clearly defined project goals, objectives, and deliverables.
Project Scope: Define the boundaries and limitations of the project, including what is included and excluded.
Project Resources: Identify and allocate the necessary resources for the project, including personnel, equipment, and budget.
Communication Plan: Define the communication channels, frequency, and responsibilities for project updates and collaboration.

Guidelines for the format and submission of the paper are as follows:

The paper should be 5-7 pages of text in length. (This minimum and maximum length should not include the title page, separate figures and tables, or the list of references);
The paper should include a cover page containing the project's title and the names of project team members. All team members should submit the same document to the assignment submission area.
Careful attention should be given to source citations, and a proper listing of references.
The paper should be well formatted and well organized with proper formatting of all graphs, images, tables etc.
The students should submit their original work. Work prepared for other courses or use of material obtained for this course from other students, past or present, is expressly prohibited and can result in a grade of zero for an assignment and/or course failure.