Week 1
The projects for this course require a Linux environment that has the compiler tools flex and bison together with make and the GNU g++ compiler. Explain what Linux environment you plan to use and post a screen shot demonstrating that your environment has the required tools.

The language that you will be expected to write a compiler for is a language created for this course. A functional language was chosen because such languages can be easily interpreted without generating any intermediate code. It is important that you understand the language first, so examine the lexical rules that are provided in the project 1 specification in week 2 and the syntax rules that are provided with the project 2 specification in week 4. Write a short program in this language that contains one function, and has at least one input, one variable and one statement of your choice. Show the output of that program on two different inputs. Here is an example of the kind of program you should create:

// A Simple Program with a When and Switch Statement

function main a: integer returns integer;
    b: integer is when a > 10, 1 : 2;
begin
    switch b is
        case 1 => 10;
        case 2 => 20;
        others => 30;  
    endswitch;    
end;

If this program is run with an input of 5, it returns 20. If it is run with an input of 15, it returns 10. If you have any questions on the semantics of this language, post your question as a response to this topic.


Week 3
Define a language that is not a regular language using a context-free grammar that is not ambiguous. The alphabet of the language must contain at least five characters. Describe in English the strings of the language. Choose any string that is in the language and demonstrate that it is in the language by showing the left-most derivation that derives it. Draw the parse tree that corresponds to the left-most derivation. Give an example of one string that is not in the language. 


Week 5
Provide a program in the target language of our compiler/interpreter that incorporates all elements of the language. It must include all of the following:

Integer (Decimal and Hexadecimal), Real and Character literals
Every arithmetic operator: + - * / % ^ ~
Every relational operator: = /= > >= < <=
Every logical operator: &
A when statement| 
An if statement
A switch statement
A fold statement
Multiple variable declarations
Multiple parameter declarations
In addition, your program should be written in a such a way that it tests the associativity and precedence of all operators. It should also include nested statements.

Also provide several sets of input (values for the parameters) to the program, enough so that every line of code within the program is executed at least once. For each input supplied, provide the corresponding output.


Week 7
Choose a programming language with which you are familiar and identify one of the semantic rules of that language. Give an example of a program in that language that violates that rule. Post a screen shot showing the error message that the compiler for that language would generate for your program example.

Then review the requirements for project 4. Select one of the semantic errors that you are to detect in project 4 and provide a test case that will detect it.